---
layout: splash
author_profile: true
permalink: /team/
---

## Project Team

Our team represents experts in online harms, personal safety, psychology, design, knowledge elicitation, cyber security, responsible technology, gender inequality, and social engineering, from both academic and industry backgrounds. Each team member brings unique expertise, experience, and vision to the project. Our team has extensive workshop organisational experience in user experience, responsible software engineering, design, applied psychology, ethics, and knowledge modelling.  

**Min Zhang (early career researcher, min.zhang@open.ac.uk):** Min is a Lecturer of HCI at the Open University and the Centre for Protecting Women Online. Her work focuses on the future of responsible technology in preventing gendered online harm, personal safety, and the collective power of community, and how to design safe, positive, and inclusive online spaces not only to combat online harm, but also promote online positivity, such as positive masculinity. She serves as the program committee for several ACM conferences, workshops, and IFIP WG 13.11/12.14. She also has experience in running participatory workshops and community action research. Role: Min will lead the project, design the workshop, and facilitate before, during, and after the workshop, and run the UK workshop.  

**Arosha Bandara (senior researcher):** Arosha is a Professor of Software Engineering at The Open University whose research and teaching focus on software engineering for adaptive systems. He has a particular interest in techniques for building responsible, adaptive security and privacy mechanisms for software-intensive socio-technical systems. His work has been applied in diverse domains, including healthcare and policing. He is a member of the steering group for the OU’s Centre for Policing Research and Learning. Role: Arosha will co-design the workshop, facilitate participant recruitment and help run the workshop in the UK. 

**Liliana Pasquale (mid-career researcher):** Liliana is an Associate Professor at University College Dublin and a Funded Investigator at Lero, the Research Ireland Centre for Software. She is an internationally recognised expert in secure and responsible AI, with particular emphasis on mitigating AI-induced harms in cyber-physical systems. She has regularly shaped the field by serving the program and organising committee for prestigious conferences and journals, such as ICSE, FSE, ASE, RE, SEAMS, IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, and IEEE Security & Privacy Magazine. She also maintains sustained engagement with charity CyberSafeKids, Ireland’s National Cyber Security Centre and Cyber Ireland. Role: Liliana will get involved in ideation, facilitate participant recruitment and run the workshop in Ireland. 

**Gordon Rugg:** Gordon is a specialist in methods for handling knowledge that people find difficult or impossible to put into words. He has a multidisciplinary background, including a PhD in Psychology, and postdoctoral work in knowledge acquisition for AI and for requirements engineering. His interests include cross-cultural research and User-Centred Design. He has experience in running knowledge elicitation and systematic idea generation workshops by using multiple approaches, such as card sorting, upward laddering, and think-aloud. He is a co-author of the books The Knowledge Modelling Handbook and The Unwritten Rules of PhD Research. Role: Gordon will co-design the workshop, facilitate participant recruitment and run the workshop in the UK. 

**Sarah Robinson (early career researcher):** Sarah is an Applied Psychologist, working at the School of Applied Social Studies, UCC, and at Lero, the Science Foundation Ireland Research Centre for Software. She has an interest in responsible design and engineering, community-based research, creative methods, and children. She has co-organised workshops for DIS and other venues. Role: Sarah will co-design the workshop, facilitate participant recruitment, and help run the workshop in Ireland. 

**Wanling Cai (early career researcher):** Wanling is a research fellow at Trinity College Dublin and a researcher at Lero, the Science Foundation Ireland Research Centre for Software, Ireland. She is also an incoming Assistant Professor at University College Dublin. Her research lies at the intersection of HCI and AI, investigating the issues surrounding the use of interactive technologies (e.g., recommender systems, conversational AI, generative AI, and wearables) in everyday life and healthcare contexts. She has served on the program and organisation committees of several ACM conferences, such as IUI, RecSys, UMAP, and MUM. Role: Wanling will co-design the workshop, analyse data, facilitate participant recruitment and help run the workshop in Ireland. 
